com/ceiba/scotter/consulta/ManejadorBuscarCiudadScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.consulta.ManejadorBuscarCiudadScotter
com/ceiba/persona/consulta/ManejadorListarUsernamePersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.consulta.ManejadorListarUsernamePersona
com/ceiba/scotter/comando/manejador/ManejadorEliminarScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.comando.manejador.ManejadorEliminarScotter
com/ceiba/compra/comando/fabrica/FabricaCompra.java
 com.ceiba.compra.comando.fabrica.FabricaCompra
com/ceiba/compra/comando/manejador/ManejadorEliminarCompra.java
 com.ceiba.compra.comando.manejador.ManejadorEliminarCompra
com/ceiba/scotter/consulta/ManejadorBuscarPrecioScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.consulta.ManejadorBuscarPrecioScotter
com/ceiba/scotter/comando/manejador/ManejadorCrearScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.comando.manejador.ManejadorCrearScotter
com/ceiba/persona/comando/manejador/ManejadorEliminarPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.comando.manejador.ManejadorEliminarPersona
com/ceiba/persona/comando/fabrica/FabricaPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.comando.fabrica.FabricaPersona
com/ceiba/persona/comando/manejador/ManejadorCrearPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.comando.manejador.ManejadorCrearPersona
com/ceiba/scotter/consulta/ManejadorBuscarIdScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.consulta.ManejadorBuscarIdScotter
com/ceiba/scotter/comando/fabrica/FabricaScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.comando.fabrica.FabricaScotter
com/ceiba/persona/comando/manejador/ManejadorActualizarPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.comando.manejador.ManejadorActualizarPersona
com/ceiba/compra/consulta/ManejadorListarCompra.java
 com.ceiba.compra.consulta.ManejadorListarCompra
com/ceiba/scotter/consulta/ManejadorListarScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.consulta.ManejadorListarScotter
com/ceiba/scotter/comando/ComandoScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.comando.ComandoScotter
com/ceiba/persona/consulta/ManejadorListarPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.consulta.ManejadorListarPersona
com/ceiba/persona/ComandoPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.ComandoPersona
com/ceiba/scotter/comando/manejador/ManejadorActualizarScotter.java
 com.ceiba.scotter.comando.manejador.ManejadorActualizarScotter
com/ceiba/persona/consulta/ManejadorListarIdPersona.java
 com.ceiba.persona.consulta.ManejadorListarIdPersona
com/ceiba/compra/comando/ComandoCompra.java
 com.ceiba.compra.comando.ComandoCompra
com/ceiba/compra/comando/manejador/ManejadorCrearCompra.java
 com.ceiba.compra.comando.manejador.ManejadorCrearCompra
